doc: note that brew install qt6 is not supported (#21791)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/build-osx.md

Note: Building with Qt binaries downloaded from the Qt website is not officially supported.
See the notes in [#7714](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/7714).

> Note: Be sure 'qt' (version 6.x) is not installed in brew together with 'qt@5'. Only 'qt@5' is required.

Reviewer: a suggestion

```suggestion
Note: Ensure that the `qt@5` package is installed, not the `qt` package.
```

> If 'qt' (v6.x) is installed in macOS the build process will fail with a "unknown type name 'QStringRef'; did you mean 'CFStringRef'?" error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If 'qt' is installed, the build process will fail with an error. 
```

Reviewer 2: This is also tripping up the linter due to the trailing whitespace.

> You can use the following two commands to verify if 'qt' (version 6.x) is installed and remove it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if 'qt'  is installed, remove it with the following command:
```

``` bash

> brew info qt

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Thanks for the brevity and text updates! :) (Indeed, the goal was to avoid issues about this in advance)
